and then what we have heard
that they have a new technician
they have done
three four parties
I think they lost 3 and they won
they hate it by trying to give a new shape to football
hiring organizing I heard him speak to the president
of the federation of the ins but logically
this
we are more concerned about us for our team to render
all right
and if the team performs well I think things will turn out well
honduras world were very strong were not very strong
p
have a
long
work behind
this one for at least three years after a year and a half
it was a world cup has players playing in europe
the action occurred when it was born
the players with international experience
0 I repeat again
was in the fourth game you have to play it we do not have all the
good will to be good things
percent are showing the boys if he's stuck in
in what is the selection
it was us playing japan cup which is a much harder team more
strong maybe
from Honduras
the ii symposium ties with 5 6 son who never
I had played in the national team
I had never traveled by plane
And things went very well thanks
now we go players with more experience of the earthquake a bit
a mix of
of the teams
who went to the united states and to japan
and I think that little by little we will be getting closer
what we want